So, what to do next.
If you're excited, you're really looking
forward to getting started with Gatsby you
wanna go build something.
There are a few things that you can do.
First and foremost,
we've got another course coming up.
We're gonna do an intermediate
Gatsby course on Friday.
That's two days from now,
that will also be turned into a front
end masters workshop or course.
So if you wanna go deeper, come back,
take the intermediate Gatsby course.
You can check out the docs, Gatsby JS
has a ton of docs at gatsbyjs.com/docs.
There is a full on tutorial,
like a zeroed up and running.
There are lots of conceptual
guides on routing, on images,
on data sourcing, on plugins,
all the things that we talked about today.
You can go much deeper in the docs.
And then they have API references for
all of that.
Now, the docs have started
to sprawl a little bit.
So it can be a little tricky.
And you may have noticed me kind of
googling around trying to find the thing
that I was looking for.
So don't get discouraged if you
have a little bit of trouble.
There's a lot of information
about Gatsby in there.
Keep googling, you'll find it I promise.
You can also just get out there and
publish something.
The best way to learn something
is to get reps, use the tool,
put it on the internet,
get that thing live.
Just have a silly idea and put it up on
the internet so that people can play.
Good example of this like I wanted to
make fun of my coworker Phil Hawksworth.
And so I bought a domain and
edited his head onto an animated GIF,
and then I just put this together.
I just wanted to make it
a goofy thing to share.
I built this in probably 10 minutes,
and I put it on the internet.
Because there's nothing more fun
than hitting that publish button and
being able to share
a bad idea that you had.
I also like built a little goofy thing,
I think this is a Gatsby
site that just lets you put anything,
it breaks all the links.
So whenever you try to
click a link on a page,
uses the goose sound from
the untitled goose game.
This is another bad idea
project I built it in an hour.
And I just put it on the internet
because it made me smile.
So if you are trying to
decide what you should build,
don't let a lack of a good idea stop you.
This was a terrible idea.
This was a terrible idea, but
it was still fun to publish.
It was fun to put it out there.
And playing as a means of learning, is
one of the best ways to make it stick and
it's one of the best
ways to lower the stakes.
You wanna get out there and
just try things.
See what you can build,
see what you can get done.
Put a time box on it.
How much can I get done in an hour?
What can I publish in an hour?
And then actually put it on the Internet,
share it with friends,
show people your bad ideas,
because then you get feedback.
People will tell you what they liked,
what they want to see instead,
they'll give you an idea for
your next bad website.
And then you can just keep playing.
And the more you play,
the more you learn, the more you can do.
And the more likely you are to be able to
accomplish whatever gets thrown at you in
your normal work.
So, I hope that you all go out there and
get excited.
Start playing with Gatsby and and
put some stuff out on the internet.
Please send me something on
Twitter if you have questions, but
I'd also love to see what you build.
So if you're out there, if you're
building stuff, tag me when you share it,
I wanna see it.
I wanna take a look.
That's it for me all.
I had a blast today,
I hope you had a lot of fun.
I hope you learned a lot,
I hope you're excited to go out there and
build something.